Docs for data model, localization, https redirect (#12876)
metabase/metabase: docs/administration-guide/08-configuration-settings.md

The base URL of this Metabase instance. The base URL is used in emails to allow users to click through to their specific instance. Make sure to include http:// or https:// to make sure it’s reachable.

### Redirect to HTTPS

Force all traffic to use HTTPS via redirect, if the site can serve over HTTPS.

_Default: disabled_.

For example, if you are serving your Metabase application at "example.com", and you enable HTTPS redirect, when a user enters an address like "example.com/data" in their browser's address bar, the user will be automatically redirected to a secure connection at "https://example.com/data".

> > Note: if you have not set up HTTPS, Metabase will not let you enable HTTPS redirect. Instead, you'll get a warning saying "It looks like HTTPS is not properly configured."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: if you haven't set up HTTPS on your server, Metabase will not let you enable HTTPS redirect. Instead, you'll get a warning saying "It looks like HTTPS is not properly configured."
```
